My life was only work and sleep.
I didn't receive the love a child should have from his family.
Sometimes we spend several days starving with nothing to eat.
We lost everything we had.
The first thing I needed to do was pray to Jehovah.
But the only thing I had time to say was Jehovah, please help me.
Each time he answers my prayer.
Jehovah was holding my hand. I could almost feel him saying, I'm with you.
My love for Jehovah and for my fellow Christians motivated me to take the brothers in.
When I comforted others, it brought me comfort too.
I realized that the love shown to me by the brothers and sisters was an imitation of Jehovah.
Jehovah showed me that love never fails.